Problem 11. Programming Languages

C
C” is a compiled, procedural language. Although designed to be
portable in nature, C programs must be specifically compiled for
computers with different architectures and operating systems. This helps make them lightning fast. Although C is a relatively old language, it is still widely used for system programming, writing other programming languages, and in embedded systems.

C++
C++ is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing the facilities for low-level memory manipulation.
C# is very similar, it takes the basic operators and style of C++ but forces programs to be typed safe, in that it executes the code in a controlled sandbox called the virtual machine. As such, all code must be encapsulated inside an object, among other things. 

Java
Java is a functional computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
Java and C# are similar programming languages, they are statically, strongly, and manifestly typed, both are class-based object-oriented, both are designed with semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind and both use garbage-collection.
The main difference is that Java is "platform independent". In Java methods are virtual by default but you can make them final. In C# they're sealed by default, but you can make them virtual.

Javascript
Javascript is a non-typed scripting language, which means it typically runs uncompiled in browsers.C# is a strongly-typed language, which is typically compiled into a .dll.cript.
JavaScript and C# do have dO have similar syntax, however.

PHP
PHP uses a run-time interpreter, and is a multi-paradigm language. Originally developed to create dynamic webpages. At first it was not even a real programming language, but over
time it eventually grew into a fully featured object-oriented programming language. Today,PHP is one of the most popular languages used to write web applications. It has inconsistent syntax, many ways to do the same thing and a history of bizarre security decisions. Its strength is the good documentation.

